# QA Notes
## What work has been undertaken?
- Add Typescript, PHP, Twig & CSS functionality.
- Work made to trigger the SMS input on the Zoom iframe.

## What dev testing was undertaken?
- Tested clicking Mobile/Telephone zoom link numbers when the `ZOOM_SMS_INTEGRATION` feature switch is enabled on a designer.
- If Mobile zoom link clicked, contact options should appear on the zoom sidebar asking if you would like to Send a message or make a call. e.g `SMS or CALL?`
- Clicking `SMS` initiates the zoom sms input on the zoom iframe.
- Clicking `CALL` initiates the zoom call on the zoom iframe.
- If Telephone number zoom link clicked, zoom sidebar opens and immediately initiates the call on the zoom iframe.

## What dev testing was not undertaken?
-

## What potential areas of regression are there?
-

## Are there any known defects to be aware of?
-

## Is this work affected by any feature switch or permission?
- `Permission:ACCESS_ZOOM_VIA_FRONTEND`
- `Feature:DESIGNER_ZOOM_INTEGRATION`
- `Feature:ZOOM_SMS_INTEGRATION`

## Are there any commands to consider?
-

## Are there any notable DB tables or columns to be aware of?
-

## Are there any scenarios worth checking?
- Test Mobile number when SMS feature switch is enabled opens the contact options panel from the zoom sidebar.
- Test clicking mobile link (`SMS`) from the contact options panel initiates the zoom sms input on the zoom iframe.
- Test clicking the mobile link (`CALL`) from the contact options panel initiates the call from the zoom iframe.
- Test Mobile number when SMS feature switch is `NOT` enabled immediately initiates the call from the zoom iframe.
- Test Telephone number from frontend immediately initiates the call from the zoom iframe.
